hello to you all good people come here
bring a statement warns you all
some people from some communities
invite me to be part of the times
do not have a time, it's not the question of
be better than anyone why not
I have time so it's all a lot of yours.
only on videos
Only a few things have been happening.
often and this generates inspiration
people who do not accept because sometimes
content does not appeal to people
good offensive particulate I have
education, but there is no pope in the
language only person respects me logic
I'm going to disrespect someone
the fact that I do not profess the same faith
This does not mean that you have not
matter of humanity is on the contrary
also be human like everyone else
for those who claim to be Christian
good is the following many people ask
for that I add mine did I go there and
add the person did not I do not know
I have no friendship with the person has a
side and ends up having a friendship but what
It's happening, I've been seeing that
many people who are in my face of
so they are not transparent people
the people in front of me a thing and
in the other communities in which I
install install for some
people did not even come from my face
I like the pressure of transparency and see
that many people throw then you
No, because it's in mine, but stick your dick.
in me then that kindness is either
The woman out of my way does not need
make logical parts and know already I chose
some people you can go there to see
You're not part of the world anymore.
Did because I already chose because I saw
that some people in other
others did to other communities
is there speaking things that actually
nor does the person know me personally
telling of values is people saying the
have people who do not think
they have not seen all my videos and
even though I was to what is the
problem even if I really was me
were
I'm in a country that I'm free to
expression and religion can profess
Do you want to go?
want to sue you a religion is a
My problem is not my problem.
there are people who the gospel
paulo catholic a topmed for evangelical
and so right I am no better
No one else is better than you.
than me
The difference is that I have said
This is the difference of many people.
I'm also saying that my
differential is the best in the world
there are people who have a better differential
than mine but I still do
with various types of people and
people who say they have a
able to live with people who do not
They are interesting, right?
should be the contrary the testimony
these people should be better than
those who have no religion
How I already had it on the floor?
I was evangelical, I'm not today.
more
It's okay, this is not news to
no one 's in my videos
so if you can not be
transparent if you are a person
hypocritical
You are a person who has no parents in the
language, you are the person who speaks behind
of people then I'm sorry I do not
dealt with lying people or with
fake people on behalf of with this type
of people type of person I have to
delete I do not live with it ok, who do we
to live together but not then
here is the message that works for you
I 'm not going to enter the community. I do not have
to write to anyone to
that each one speaks ill of the fence of my
person is not only what he did more in the
youtube too
and also suggests it is to be expected because
When you say something that does not
pleases the ego of people in Africa the
people want in the one that people
believe this will really stir then
here is the message given if you are the
man and woman withdraw from my fez
because if I find out who it is and I'm already
Seeing some people are taking
so tamim does not serve because this
calls it garbage and choice because
do not deal with lying and false people
door
thank you, bye, bye